2024 is going to be massive it's going
to change everything that we have seen
and in this video I'm going to talk
about us and Mexico us and China we're
going to look at crypto and Bitcoin we
are going to talk about Russia Ukraine
and so much more you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you my
name is David gtii and what I do is I
bring you the truth un filtered and raw
and here is one of those videos we're
going to start with what's happening
with the United States and Mexico you've
been seeing the back and forth of course
we've also heard near Shoring and
Friends Shoring and what this term means
is we have established China is the
enemy we want to do away with China so
now we're going to have to rely more on
Mexico as well as Manufacturing in the
United States well already we have seen
some changes you may have seen this
Mexico warrs Trump tariffs would kill
400,000 us jobs threatens
retaliation we had Mexico's president
saying basically that we've got a
problem with what you say and if you
look at you can actually see the entire
quote I'm writing this to you and so on
and like a day later Mexican president
claims no potential tariff war with the
US after call with Trump there was a
Cooperative call who threatened the uh
25% tariffs against Mexico suddenly
everything's a okay okay I believe
What's Happening Here with China with
Mexico to different degrees that we are
going in hot and heavy and then we're
going to take a step back I think that's
probably the way it's going to go that
this is being used as two steps forward
one step back this wouldn't be a very
unique process right because we have
seen this type of thing
before understand that tariffs are not a
solution but it's essentially saying
we're going to punish this is not
something that fixes the problem the
reason why things got moved overseas
wasn't just because of you know
somebody's desire to do so this was
because the intention was to move those
jobs away those jobs got moved if you
start to put a tax on that of course
it's going to immediately at least in
the short period of time within a 5e
maybe 10e time frame it is going to be a
problem but maybe just maybe they won't
even need to apply it how can they get
around that we'll talk about it more in
just a second now these aren't just two
beautiful faces no we are going to talk
about Deb banking you may have seen this
it started to go viral this is Mark
Anderson who is you know big in the
Venture Capital space uh particularly
with crypto he's working with all these
different crypto Founders these startups
they're going from zero all the way to
like millions and billions and then they
got debanked literally couldn't use Visa
couldn't process transactions they
didn't have access to a bank JP Morgan
said take your money and run and they
didn't have an alternative and so what
happened here is that these
companies couldn't do anything they had
to stay quiet and just hope that their
personal assets which in most cases
weren't disrupted wouldn't be taken out
from underneath them they kind of just
went into the shadows and now it's
coming to light so this was unveiled
there were 30 then others have come
forward ever since you have this what
did you get done this week andreon also
criticized the number of federal workers
who have not returned to the office
since 2020 and reference musk's approach
to Twitter takeovers a potential example
of how they could be held accountable I
think that they are hoping big things
will be changing in the government this
is all part of it because you have these
groups many of them are elected for one
thing but just as we know when they put
a bill through what happens oh it's
called the get Workers back to work Bill
and then you look at it it's like why is
there like missiles in here why is there
like you know the right to spy on
Americans in here why is that in this
bill that's that's called get Workers
back to work Bill oh yeah well we just
have to put that in there hurry up and
sign it or else you're not patriotic
that's what happens every time that's
the problem with a big Bureau Ry that
needs to go away it doesn't need to be
changed from left to right right to left
that's nonsense that is a a paradigm
shift people need to have Vic and Elon
are fuming that Melania and baron Trump
were debanked they were even part of
this apparently okay so it just goes to
show you many people lost access to
banking or at least some banks had said
we don't want to deal with you that's
the level of control we have the crypto
um and uh Bitcoin here and I find it
unusual I went into this in depth on the
finance Friday live um suggesting that
suddenly every country everyone is
starting to turn positive to crypto and
uh Bitcoin Putin signs law recognizing
Bitcoin and crypto as property so
they're making official they're like
stamping this into the law right you
have Visa who once said we will not deal
with anything to do with cryptocurrency
we're not going to touch it you're bad
you're you know doing illicit activity
now they have their own department and
this guy right here the head of crypto
at Visa making sense of stable coins
they're making money off of it there's
no question about that right if you want
to get the in-depth two hours every
single Friday and we do separately we do
um on the Sunday we do two hours live
we'll talk about that later but if you
want to get in for free the the last
three times people have not replied to
my email you won the giveaway reply to
the email it might be in your junk
folder David at themoney gps.com I am
giving away three okay three Finance
Fridays please respond to the email I
email you I said hey congratulations
you're a winner you got to look through
your junk mail if you have won
previously and you just didn't email me
back you didn't reply back reply back to
me let's get you in you won come on in
hit that link the description if you
want to get on the finance Friday every
single time people do it when I email
the winner they never reply so please do
so or or most of the time anyway I want
you to get on the finance Friday for
free you could win all right here we go
China us we have this as well China and
air cargo flights soar As Trump return
tariffs Loom now companies are basically
saying let's bring in a whole bunch of
products because we don't want to have
to pay more later and that's what
they'll suggest they're going to do it's
of course not a long-term solution but I
think what's going to happen here is
they're going to say look if you don't
want the Tariff do this and that will be
used as a bing chip at the same time
China could fight back with that and all
they got to do is devalue their currency
a little bit in order to offset some of
the tariffs you may have seen byd the
company car company they told their
suppliers of their parts they said you
better lower your prices by
10% and immediately the suppliers one of
them at least came back with a letter
and said absolutely not we're not going
to do it we can't do it this is
dangerous we're not going to do this and
reduce our prices all the way and you
know that'll be bad practices and so on
they said no there is a push back and I
believe ultimately if the tariffs do
come in people will have to pay higher
prices because company
will not accept lower profit margins
it's just not going to happen somebody's
got to take a hit somewhere and the
consumer you and I usually get the short
end of the stick you might be asking
yourself who stands the gain
quono right in all of this well already
we're seeing it us mercenary firms
compete for huge contracts to control
Security in North Gaza uh-oh here we we
go military industrial complex wins
again zalinski I'll give up Ukrainian
territory to Russia to achieve peace and
what are they talking about you can see
the the some refer to this as the land
bridge this area right here all the way
to Crimea and basically what's going to
come of this we will see but in the
rebuilding process there will in both of
these wars there will be winners there's
no we know who the loser are we know
who's getting decimated but we have to
understand that there is always going to
be uh companies that are able to profit
from it that are going to do very well
from it and that's just one example you
know the military-industrial complex
always always wins what can you do as an
individual right now of course if you
are selling products online I just spoke
with one subscriber who um is actually
Manufacturing in Indonesia they don't
have to face the same type of um tariffs
and things that if you're you know
getting supplies from China it's a very
different world right so look at what
you're doing where are you getting
products from if you're not in business
my goodness join get in business what
are the businesses I have I have a
physical products business that I sell
products on multiple platforms I now
have a I'm working on an app creating my
own app the app is related to the Amazon
business or Amazon primarily it will be
connecting to to the other platform soon
enough so I'm learning do I know how to
code well I'm learning right I'm going
through it I have a functional app
already learning to make it better using
AI okay why am I doing these things well
because I want to be able to live in
this world where I can be mobile I don't
need I want freedom I want geographical
freedom I want to be able to pick up and
go when I need to not that I have to but
that I can because my income is sourced
from different countries around the
world in different currency
how can you do that let me know if you
need help if you just like want to reach
out to me you just don't be afraid
contact me okay you can get more
information the money gps.com
slve that's my two hours on Friday two
hours on Sunday program okay but if you
just want to reach me there's a link
down in there and you could just say
find out more and you could just email
me and say hey you know what do you
think let me know I want to hear from
you if you appreciate this information
hit that thumbs up button and get get on
the giveaway it's free it's free get on
the giveaway link is in the description
if you want more information about the
money GPS just go to the money gps.com
and you can get Compass is totally free
there's so much free stuff on there all
right I'll see you next time take care